see ya beautiful stone has got white
joints now if you look over the older
part he got beautiful stone and darker
joints
I'm going to tell you how to get around
that because what separates the guards
from the clods is the really most basic
thing now look at this this is made by
the company i get my the pumping i get
my smut off all the company i got my
guys offer they give you color sticks
are you help to do i'm trying to work
with one hand over plus mate Josh bring
these out
hope this comes out you just find the
color that matches and it works
everywhere that's kind of like a
chocolate there don't insult the
structure you're working on match the
color when it's done it'll blend in and
like I like to say you'll be leaving
very small or maybe no footprints and
isn't that the way to be they have
concave joints they have Rick joints
they have grapevine joints which is
about the best and severe weather Jean
look at this beautiful wall wasn't just
glad they call that dragon's teeth we
bought over by German I think that's
cool and they did it on top of that
chimney too and I'm going to visit that
to me before too long I wanted to fill
in the word but colored eye and the way
it makes the job look better and the way
the way it's going to make your customer
say that guy really knows what he's
doing not sure God nice and mortars